Trending
SCORES
NEWS
FANTASY
TORNEO
Search Sofascore
CtrlK
Football
Basketball
Tennis
Hockey
Table tennis
Baseball
Handball
19
More
Favourites
TV schedule
FootballChinaChinese Super League standings, fixtures, results and stats
Chinese Super League
19k followers
China
Select season in unique tournament header
2025
FAVOURITE
Winner
2025
Shanghai Port
Matches
No events
There are no available events.
See your league on Sofascore
Global visibility and digital tournament management. For free.
Learn more
Advertisement
Details
Lower division
Chinese League 1
About

Chinese Super League, also known as Chinese Super League, is a professional football league in China for men.

There are overall 16 teams that compete for the title every year.

The current holder of the title is Shanghai Port and the team that holds the most titles is Guangzhou FC.

Sofascore tracks live football scores and Chinese Super League table, results, statistics and top scorers.

Competition format of Chinese Super League

The teams are placed in 15 tables, with a promotion and relegation system for the best and worst-performing teams. 1 teams are relegated to the Chinese League 1.

The top 6 team qualifies for the AFC Champions League main tournament or preliminary qualifications.

Additional 6 team qualify for UEFA Champions League Qualification tournament or preliminary qualifications.

Additional 9 team qualify for UEFA Champions League tournament or preliminary qualifications.

Chinese Super League top scorers

The top scorers in the last season of Chinese Super League Chinese Super League 2025 season were Fabio Abreu.Last season top scorer is Fabio Abreu with 28 goals.

Team stadiums and attendance

The team with the largest stadium is Beijing Sinobo Guoan with the capacity of 66161.

The average attendance per game was 24076.

The highest attendance per game in the season Chinese Super League 2025 was 57056.This was during the match between Beijing Sinobo Guoan and Guangzhou Evergrande Taobao.

The total attendance in Chinese Super League 2025 season was 4405999.

TV partners

The largest TV partners for Chinese Super League are China Central Television, PPTV, ESPN+.

Which team in Chinese Super League has the most titles?

The team with the most titles in Chinese Super League is Guangzhou FC.

Which team is the current titleholder in Chinese Super League?

The current titleholder in Chinese Super League is Shanghai Port.

What rank of competition is Chinese Super League in China?

Chinese Super League is professional division in China.

How many goals are scored on average in Chinese Super League in Chinese Super League 2026?

The average number of goals in Chinese Super League is 3.21.

When does the Chinese Super League start and when does it finish?

The Chinese Super League usually starts in March and ends in November.

How many groups are there in Chinese Super League competition?

The teams in Chinese Super League are placed in 15 groups.

Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Download the app
About
Football live scores on Sofascore livescore has live coverage from more than 500 worldwide soccer leagues, cups and tournaments with live updated results, statistics, league tables, video highlights, and fixtures. Live matches from all football leagues have fast and accurate updates for minutes, scores, halftime and full time soccer results, goal scorers and assistants, cards, substitutions, and match statistics. Video highlights are available for most popular football leagues: Spain La Liga BBVA league and Copa del Rey , Italy Serie and Coppa Italia, German Bundesliga and DFB pokal, France Ligue 1 and UEFA Champions League, Europa league and International tournaments like World Championship, European Championship. Sofascore live score has details for each team where you can see last 10 soccer matches, tables, fixtures, results, statistics and much more. In match details you can find dropping/rising odds. Also, all scores on Sofascore.com livescore are automatically updated and you don't need to refresh it manually. With adding football matches or teams you want to follow in favorites, following your matches or teams livescores, results and statistics will be even more simple. There is an option to select All or Live football matches.
The latest stories
Football
LaLiga
Premier League
Ligue 1
Serie A
Bundesliga
FIFA Rankings
UEFA Champions League
UEFA Rankings
Basketball
NBA
Euroleague
Stoiximan GBL
Liga ACB
Lega A Basket
Turkish Basketball Super League
Tennis
Shanghai
Beijing
US Open, Men
US Open, Women
ATP Rankings
WTA Rankings
ATP
Laver Cup
Trending
UFC
MLB
NHL
Italy GP
Spain GP
EHF Champions League
Football Scores
Australia - Brazil
England - Spain
Portugal - Wales
Türkiye - France
Netherlands - Germany
Italy - Belgium
Morocco - Gabon
Norway - Denmark
Basketball Scores
Dubai - Real Madrid
Crvena zvezda - Žalgiris
Partizan Mozzart - EA7 Milano
Panathinaikos - Paris Basketball
Baskonia - Olympiacos
Barça - Anadolu Efes
Fenerbahçe - V. Bologna
Borac Mozzart - Crvena zvezda
ADVERTISE
CONTACT
TORNEO BY SOFASCORE
SOFASCORE NEWS
When the fun stops, STOP
© 2026 Sofascore – All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Accessibility Policy
Terms & Conditions
GDPR & Journalism
Impressum